Fix markdown of the runtimevariables.md section (#399)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: continuous-delivery/devops-provider-recipes/github-actions/runtime-variables/RuntimeVariables.MD

# Runtime Variables in Github Actions

## Objective

While Github Actions is a popular choice for writing and running CI/CD pipelines, especially for open source projects hosted on Github, it lacks specific quality of life features found in other CI/CD environments. One key feature that Github Actions has not yet implemented is the ability to **mock and inject runtime variables** into a workflow, in order to test the pipeline itself.

> This provides a bridge between a pre-existing feature in Azure Dev Ops, and one that has not yet released inside Github Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provides a bridge between a pre-existing feature in Azure DevOps, and one that has not yet released inside Github Actions.
```
